Prototype a new README (#233)
linebender/vello: README.md

<div align="center">

# 🖌 vello

**An experimental GPU compute-centric 2D renderer**

[![Xi Zulip](https://img.shields.io/badge/Zulip-Chat-blue?logo=Zulip)](https://xi.zulipchat.com/)
[![dependency status](https://deps.rs/repo/github/linebender/vello/status.svg)](https://deps.rs/repo/github/linebender/vello)
[![MIT/Apache 2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT%2FApache-blue.svg)](#License)
<!-- [![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/vello.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/vello) -->
<!-- [![Docs](https://docs.rs/vello/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/vello) -->
<!-- [![Build status](https://github.com/linebender/vello/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/linebender/vello/actions) -->

</div>

> Vello is a 2d graphics middleware for [`wgpu`]. 

Reviewer: I know the term "middleware" is common in 3D contexts, but it sounds strange to my ears otherwise, I think I'd prefer "rendering engine."

> <!-- It allows effeciently drawing large numbers of 2d elements with interactive performance. TODO: Verify this claim -->

Reviewer: Yes, I'm comfortable making this claim. "efficiently"

<!-- Impressive picture here -->

It is used as the rendering backend for [xilem], a UI toolkit.

## Examples

Our examples are provided in seperate packages in the [`examples`](examples) folder. 
This allows them to have independent dependencies and faster builds.
Examples must be selected using the `--package` (or `-p`) Cargo flag.

### Winit

Our [winit] example ([examples/with_winit](examples/with_winit)) demonstrates rendering to a [winit] window.
It also includes a collection of test scenes showing the capabilities of vello.
One of these scenes uses an incomplete svg parser/renderer to render the [GhostScript tiger].

```shell
cargo run -p with_winit
```

### Web

> Because we use compute shaders, we cannot run on the [`wgpu`] webgl2 backend. A simplified version of the pipeline ran 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because Vello relies heavily on compute shaders, we rely on the emerging WebGPU standard to run on the web. Until browser support becomes widespread, it will probably be necessary to use development versions (Chrome Canary) and explicitly enable WebGPU. The following command builds a web version of the demo.
```

```shell
cargo run -p run-wasm --package crate_name
```

### Bevy

The [Bevy] example within a [Bevy] application ([examples/with_bevy](examples/with_bevy)):

```shell
cargo run -p with_bevy
```

## Shader templating

> As there is no.

Reviewer: This sounds like maybe an incomplete
